why are there internet people it's Bo
again so tonight we're talking about the
campaign trail and those handful of
Republican senators that are considering
voting to impeach and convict Trump now
we're just going to talk about it from
political aspect we're not going to talk
about people honoring their oaths the
legality or the morality behind it just
the politics because I gotta fill in
those people might have a have a better
understanding of what happened in 2016
they may be the smartest people in the
impeachment vote room I see the
president's coattails they are as long
as they once were we saw that as he
endorsed candidates and they lost can't
energize the base got a feeling that
politics is a lot like that one scene
from that guy that gangster movie only
as good as your last envelope it doesn't
appear that Trump's envelopes are very
full lately so what happens Republican
senator votes to convict maybe worst
case scenario they get primary by some
far-right lone who's a trump loyalist
all right they're the incumbent senator
big deal it's gonna be easy to defeat
somebody in a primary whose whole
purpose is running is that you honored
your oath that should be an easy that
should be a pretty easy victory now on
the other hand there's a lot of voters
out there that are single issue voters
this time and that goal of that single
issue could be summed up with Trump out
if they don't vote to impeach Trump's on
the ballot those voters show up to vote
against Trump
they'll vote against all the Republicans
including them however if they vote to
impeach well those voters will stay home
Trump's gone that energizing element
it's gone which means the Republicans
stand a better chance of reelection
because well no matter what the
Republicans are gonna vote for another
Republican when it comes down to it I
think that they understand what happened
in 2016
see a lot of Democrats stayed home in
2016 they didn't go vote because they
saw what the DNC did to Bernie I felt
like I'm done yes I didn't care and then
on the other side you had a whole bunch
of people that showed up to vote against
Hillary Clinton not necessarily for
Donald Trump increase the Republican
turnout because people really didn't
want her Baranof see that same thing
might play out in 2020 smart Republican
senators may realize that their best
chance for victory and to stay in office
is to get Trump off the ballot remove
that remove that single issue that has
so many people motivated if you do that
you keep a lot of Democrats a lot of
independents a lot of never Trump at
home so they don't vote if they don't
vote against Trump they're not gonna
vote against the Republican senators
they're not gonna be there
it also helps eliminate the idea of vote
blue no matter who because those people
who do show up to vote against Trump
they're gonna vote against every single
Republican because they're going to see
them as enablers as they are so setting
aside legality and morality just looking
at it from the political snot the side
of things
removing Trump is actually the safest
play for Republicans because long term
the worst possible thing in the world
for the Republican Party is a trump
second term because then President Trump
in his second term is going to have to
deal with the giant messes that
President Trump created in his first
term and I think all Republicans know
that he is not equal to the task he's
made a lot of errors foreign policy
decisions economic decisions that the
effects of which haven't been felt yet
and they're going to be felt in that
next turn and if Trump's in office he's
just gonna make them worse and it will
haunt the Republican Party for decades
it's funny
all of these people screaming about
party loyalty and at the end of the day
if you want to save the party you got to
get rid of Trump anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night